Direct to wiki for community-supported editors (#2414)
Shopify/ruby-lsp: EDITORS.md

# Editors

> This file contains community driven instructions on how to set up the Ruby LSP in some popular editors. For VS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file contains community driven instructions on how to set up the Ruby LSP in some of the more popular editors. Due to reviewing capacity, we aren't able to keep all the available editors here. For VS
```

Code, use the official [Ruby LSP extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Shopify.ruby-lsp).

> For other editors, we encourage the community to the use [public wiki](https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp/wiki).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For editors that aren't covered in this document, we encourage the community to the use [public wiki](https://github.com/Shopify/ruby-lsp/wiki).
```
